Democrats are getting their asses kicked
we need some way to road-test a more
rural friendly message if you can't live
your principles into bad times I guess
they are principles in just hobbies nice
John Wayne and a tractor have a baby and
all you can say it's nice oh my god Carl
Jack Hastings is our key back into the
great now swing state of Wisconsin he
just doesn't know it yet can I be
completely honest with you no ball be
nice my daughter's here
that was your guard with her arm up the
cacao guys like me don't know how to
talk to guys like you ba ba ba that's a
no-no I know maybe it doesn't need a
boat maybe you'd like your vest but I
would like to offer my services run for
mayor you're walking front I am Telling
You guys that could be the real deal
this little campaign of ours has caught
the attention of the National Republican
Party why are you here because crushing
the last piece of hope in your eyes
really piss me off
it's good to see you yeah you look fat
it's on here boys game on tons of
presents of money
this seems a bit crazy what do you think
of that right there
I don't know sorry not you dot this is
the 18
all you have is beer 20 bucks says I do
better with beer than you do with shame
the Democrat Party can't win they're
getting desperate this is really just
another perfect example of the DC League
trying to dictate how we should put
that's we your DC elite oh I know
actually I'm from here I'm from dear
Lacan that's a lie that's a lie
no that's what are you even doing
irresistible written and directed by Jon
Stewart in theaters and on demand June
26th due to watch irresistible calm for
more
[Music]